{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf360
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12280\viewh16880\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs46 \cf0 Something is way off here. I think it has to do with the anchor point. Fix it, redo all the math if you have to. I don't think the anchor point should have anything to do with any logic, it should only be confined to drawing. I believe it's what's causing the unfortunate bugs. If you have to, draw everything out, there's a chalk board down stairs.
\fs24 \
\
\
Add different animation phases for Character Animation. For example, Walk and Attack. Also a death animation.\
\
Add a wolf. Make it use the Aggressive AI. Have it choose a target at random and make follow code. Then add HP and attack code. When sheep loses all HP, have it run death animation then remove the sheep character. Can leave a dead sheep on the ground. Then wolf targets next victim. Victim must be within a certain range. If not, wolf reverts to passive mode.\
\
Don't have instant direction switch, give it a timer or something if blocked. Also make it only switch by 1 degree instead of just a random switch.\
\
Make bounding boxes of characters larger. So they don't get so close to each other.\
\
When an NPC is attacked give it a warning and have it enter aggressive mode. Make a variable for the default mode but have an actual "at this moment" mode for attacking back, or running away.\
\
Get rid of float movement, have int movement so sheep don't get stuck in trees.\
\
Block characters from going off map.\
\
For character class add AI\
- Static(Doesn't move by it's self, player will be static)\
- Passive(Wanders aimlessly)\
- Aggressive(For Demo 4, attacks target, follows, initiates battle code)\
\
Character speech:\
	Passive\
		Baaa.\
		Baaaaaaaaaaa\
		Ba!\
		Moo\
	Being Attacked\
		BAAAA!\
		BAAAAAA   HELP I'M BEING ATTACKED BAAAAA!\
	`	AHHHHHHH!\
Sheep falls over when dead.\
\
Dead sheep always below.\
\
Have large group of sheep and maybe 4 wolves. That select a sheep and attack.\
\
Sheep attack back?\
\
--------------------BUGS OR TO DO LATER-------------------------\
Command and arrow key is enough to bug player into walking.\
\
If the game is unfocused, make all keydown turn to keyup.\
\
Add properties for objects in map. These properties contained in a separate array. Holds custom properties for example for each tree.\
\
Have Character BluePrints so characters can just be made from already created blue prints. Can have better name.\
\
Math logic still isn't perfect, maybe get Shogun to help program?\
\
Drawing problem - Sometimes even though player's anchor point is below sheep's anchor point, it'll draw above or below when it shouldn't.\
\
Add multiple bounding box support for objects. For More realistic collision.\
\
Have different anchor points and bounding boxes for each direction of a CharacterAnimation.\
\
Get rid of float movement, have int movement so sheep don't get stuck in trees.\
\
Use some sort of anti-stuck code. If multiple sheep spawn on top of each other or objects, have it spread out or something.}