{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf360
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12280\viewh16880\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Redo AI code to be able to handle different "States". Walking, stopped, eating, attacking, running, dying, dead.\
Research into Johan's code and stuff. Figure out how other people do complex and customizable AI.\
\
Then add HP and attack code. When sheep loses all HP, have it run death animation then remove the sheep character. Can leave a dead sheep on the ground. Then wolf targets next victim. Victim must be within a certain range. If not, wolf reverts to passive mode. Have wolf stop when in front of target. Also make it use a pathfinding algorithm to get to target.\
\
Don't have instant direction switch, give it a timer or something if blocked. Also make it only switch by 1 degree instead of just a random switch.\
\
Make bounding boxes of characters larger. So they don't get so close to each other. Square-er so they work for every direction. Or maybe not cause of perspective.\
\
When an NPC is attacked give it a warning and have it enter aggressive mode. Make a variable for the default mode but have an actual "at this moment" mode for attacking back, or running away.\
\
Do memory management. Make it perfectly managed.\
\
For character class add AI\
- Static(Doesn't move by it's self, player will be static)\
- Passive(Wanders aimlessly)\
- Aggressive(For Demo 4, attacks target, follows, initiates battle code)\
\
Character speech:\
	Passive\
		Baaa.\
		Baaaaaaaaaaa\
		Ba!\
		Moo\
	Being Attacked\
		BAAAA!\
		BAAAAAA   HELP I'M BEING ATTACKED BAAAAA!\
	`	AHHHHHHH!\
Sheep falls over when dead.\
\
Dead sheep always below.\
\
Have large group of sheep and maybe 4 wolves. That select a sheep and attack.\
\
Sheep attack back?\
\
--------------------BUGS OR TO DO LATER OR MAY NOT HAPPEN-------------------------\
Command and arrow key is enough to bug player into walking.\
\
If the game is unfocused, make all keydown turn to keyup.\
\
Add properties for objects in map. These properties contained in a separate array. Holds custom properties for example for each tree.\
\
Add multiple bounding box support for objects. For More realistic collision.}